.github: add a link to Release Notes Language Style Guide in PR template (#32745)
pingcap/tidb: .github/pull_request_template.md

### Release note

<!-- compatibility change, improvement, bugfix, and new feature need a release note -->

> If you do not know how to write a good release note, please refer to [Release Notes Language Style Guide](https://pingcap.github.io/tidb-dev-guide/contribute-to-tidb/release-notes-style-guide.html) to write a quality release note.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to [Release Notes Language Style Guide](https://pingcap.github.io/tidb-dev-guide/contribute-to-tidb/release-notes-style-guide.html) to write a quality release note.
```

<!-- bugfix or new feature needs a release note -->

> Before writing the release note, please refer to [Release Notes Language Style Guide](https://pingcap.github.io/tidb-dev-guide/contribute-to-tidb/release-notes-style-guide.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not know how to write a good release note, please refer to [Release Notes Language Style Guide](https://pingcap.github.io/tidb-dev-guide/contribute-to-tidb/release-notes-style-guide.html).
```
